 The potty project actually has been  applied since 2000 in the Poo Apocalypse  that happened here at Birdham.  In 2000?  In 2000.  Luckily, I missed that.  Boy, that was way before my time.  But what happened was we had 300  porta-potties here at Birdham and that year.  And burners forgot that leave no trace  applies to the porta-potties.  We were getting beer cans and garbage  and costumes and goat heads and chickens  and all kinds of stuff in the porta-potties.  Read the goat head comment.  Do they actually happen?  No, no go ahead.  Okay.  Couches.  I believe that type of animal here.  Tuxedos, I know there was a tuxedo I heard.  They did find a chicken.  A chicken, a half-cooked chicken.  Yesterday, a composting toilet caught fire  when somebody threw their cigarette in it.  Yeah, don't smoke in the porta-potties.  It's just freaking rude.  Well, cigarette butts don't come out of the body,  so they should definitely know.  Our vendors that year quit halfway during the burn.  And our porta-potties weren't serviced anymore.  And we had piles of crap.  Literally piling up in the porta-potties all week long.  It was a disgusting health hazard here at Birdham Man.  And DPW jumped on board.  We almost got shut down that year.  Birdham Man almost didn't happen because of the porta-potties.  And DPW came to the rescue, ran around Birdham Man  with the message of if it doesn't come out of your body,  it doesn't go into the potty.  And we had to find a new vendor that year  to service the potty and Birdham Man was saved.  And the potty project was born that year.  And I hear that there's only so many vendors  that will provide these services to Birdham Man.  Well, we have 1,700 porta-potties here at Birdham Man.  United site services who are the playa gods here in my opinion.  And these are the people and the pumps that come  and make sure you have a clean porta-pottie in the morning.  They are vendor for this event.  And what we want to do with the potty project is to make sure that they're happy  because without them, we cannot have this event.  We appreciate the hard work that they do here for Birdham Man and for this event.  Now, I was not here last year because I had my knee replaced  so I had to take the year off.  But I heard, and maybe you can confirm or deny,  that the thing going around was if you break the porta-pottie,  it will get serviced quicker, and it'll be nicer for you.  Was that actually happening?  I haven't heard that.  I had a triple hernia of lasper and I had to take it off, too.  Okay, got it.  No, but we need to remember that,  because I do feel a lot of complaints in this department about broken locks  and missing toilet lids.  And the one of the things to remember is that porta-potties come here to die.  Burning Man is like the elephant graveyard for porta-potties.  Nothing survives the playa.  And the United Sight Services does a wonderful job of trying to service them.  We have Frankenstein porta-potties that have been hobbled together  from different types of porta-potties just to keep these things living a little bit longer.  I didn't know that.  Yeah.  And let me explain the physics of a porta-pottied people.  You're supposed to close the lid on the seat.  Is that correct?  Well, we have that vent up there and that's what I've read, too.  As you close the lid, it helps to vent that wonderful aroma that we get from the porta-potties.  And I will tell you, the porta-potties here are fabulous.  Have you ever been to an English rock concert?  This is like the Ritz Carlton.  It is really bad out there.  They're open pits and they don't react.  Well, again, that's because of the United Sight Services.  Our porta-potties get serviced two to three times a day.  1700 porta-potties.  Now, here's some poo math for you about the extent of their job.  So let's remember that this week when we're out here at Black Rock City,  Black Rock City actually becomes the 10th largest city in the state of Nevada.  Imagine that.  And those porta-potties are our sewage system.  Without a sewage system, you cannot have a functioning city.  We generate over 256 tons of shit and 100 tons of piss are we care at Bernie Mann.  That's a ship pile about the size of 8,747s.  That's the number I was looking for.  Huge amounts.  It only takes a little bit to gum up our systems and to slow things down for our  vendor out here.  So if it doesn't come out of your body, it should not go into the potty.  And that's a simple thing.  But still, people are like, well, is gray water okay?  They're like, is a baby wipe okay or is it a paper towel okay?  No.  No.  Didn't come here, everybody.  Well, gray water is an interesting thing, too, because you kind of think,  well, it's just water.  What does it matter?  Right?  Now, we're talking with, we're already giving you the math.  256 tons, 100 tons of piss.  Now, let's add that.  If every single one of us put one gallon of gray water into the porta-potties,  that's 70,000 gallons of gray water.  If everyone did it, we're all snowflakes.  And I get that.  Now, we can be a snowflake that is positive and have an positive effect on our community  or a negative effect.  And the positive effect with the porta-potties is to remember that  anything that you put to it, put inside of it, has the potential of 70,000 other people  doing the same thing.  And that just generates way, way too much waste to handle for systems to handle it.  Plus, I mean, it's obvious if you start pouring your gray water into the porta-pottie,  it feels up quicker.  Exactly.  Exactly.  And it becomes not useful.  It becomes not useful.  Is it acceptable to like draw our inside of porta-pottie to transform a little bit?  Absolutely.  As a matter of fact, that's a big part of our project is we put signage,  these little reminders about flushable wipes and tampons, not going to the porta-potties.  All 1700 porta-potties have our art in it.  We're technically the largest art project here at the point.  But if I've got some like markers or something, can I bling out?  Absolutely.  I found a porta-pottie over by our camp that's actually a Prince tribute porta-pottie.  Yes, very cozy to use.  Now the only thing that we ask is please do not destroy the porta-potties with your art  while you're creating and loving your potty.  And also make sure that your artwork and the potty does not become moop on the playa  or accidentally gets into the porta-pottie.  Don't go over the inside with glitter.  Don't bring glitter or burning man at all.  Are you aware of the people who used to set up someone going to the porta-pottie?  And while they were in there, they would set up this red carpet.  Oh yeah, when the door would open.  It would be a paparazzi and the day every would be applauding pictures.  I love it.  I love that type of self-expression.  Yes, definitely.  My own self-expression is the porta-pottie preacher.  I go out to the porta-potties every morning with a pulpit and a bullhorn  and reprieach the good word of porta-pottie Jesus  to people while they're doing their morning business out there.  And you took this over for Robbie Dobs.  Robbie Dobs has been doing this since the 2000 burn actually.  And she's still a part of the potty project and she's taken a little break  and hopefully she'll be back next year.  That's working on that to get Robbie Dobs back here out on the playa.  Well fabulous.  Her artwork was the Poo High Koo that's in the Poo Poetry  that has grace the porta-potties for boy.  Even longer than I've been coming to Burning Man.  Well awesome.  Thank you for coming to the studio.  United site services loves being gifted so please gift them.  They kind of swag sticker.  That is what is burning animal.  Yeah but coconut water stickers and he loved it.  Thank you very much.