 Bob Zilla here back in the studio with Heidi McCluskey and your daughters.  Yes. Introduce them.  I brought... well I didn't bring. They decided to come check on me.  They came on their own.  My oldest are Cassidy who's a part of Planets.  And Kayla.  And Kayla.  Kayla half moon bow.  And so let's talk a little about...  So I notice you have a wristband on.  Yes.  And I have a wristband too. I've got what's called a credential for staff.  And tell me about how you...  Evolution.  Tell me about how you as a local.  Because you are in fact a local.  How do you get in and out to the event?  How does that all work?  What's...  Okay. So in the beginning...  You want to get closer to the mic.  Okay. In the beginning long time ago,  we would come out here and actually would come get our picture taken.  And we would get laminates.  How many years do we get laminates this?  At least...  For...  Six, seven years.  Six, seven years you got laminates?  Yeah. We would get laminates.  And then we would get...  Actually, we would get additional guest passes too.  Okay.  I can't remember how many years we got those.  And then they took those away from us.  But now we get the wristband for local tribal members.  It's got our name on it and we get a pass.  It's got your actual name on it.  Yes.  And they look at our...  It's written on there.  They look at our tribal enrollment card and verify the name to the pass.  So we can't sell them.  We could give it away.  But now you used to get...  You could actually sell if you didn't want to go.  Yes. And then that stopped.  Yes. How many years do we get that?  More than a couple.  At least three years.  At least three years, okay.  We wouldn't even...  We'd bring Casca...  We'd bring grandma up here too.  And we would all get our...  Our tickets.  And then we would get the guest passes.  And we would bring our Tahoe...  My Tahoe Deadhead family.  All the younger ones, we would let them come in.  And you can go in and out at your will.  Yes.  So let's say you decide to leave tonight.  Go back home to Wadsworth.  You just go out.  And you have to wait in the gate line.  No, just drive right up to the front gate.  And come back in.  But no, no. So in my world, right?  You're in the gate line.  And if you...  How do you...  See, you turn off the pavement.  How do you not get in that big line?  No, we're still in the big line just like you are.  So you do have to wait in the line.  Oh yeah. Okay. So if you decide to come back tomorrow,  and there's a 10 hour wait, you are waiting 10 hours.  Yes. There's no special entrance for you to get in or out or anything like that.  But you can come in as many times as you want.  You don't have to pay, like, there's an exit fee here.  You've got to get a pass to drive out.  No, we just come in or out.  But you've got to wait in the line.  Yes.  Because we have some...  Like, one of my dear friends, Preciy,  he'll come up for the night.  Like, last night he came up and said it was cold.  And I said he has...  He's going to have to change his outfit  because he's not going to work for tomorrow night.  He's just looking all around.  I've got to be just perfect.  But yeah, so we come in and out.  And my daughter usually stays the whole week.  But do you feel that you used to get that we were talking earlier?  It seems like in terms of entrance,  you used to get more than you do now.  So it's sort of been like diminishing returns, yes?  You know what? It was...  For everything that we have to put up with.  And I do say put up with.  Because in a little tiny town of, I don't know,  maybe a thousand...  There's a thousand in Wadsworth?  Okay.  But...  Well, not everybody in Wadsworth is a member of the tribe.  No, no.  Our total tribal enrollment runs about 2600-something.  We have three communities.  Succliffe, which we call Saha.  The tribal seat is Nixon.  And then there's Wadsworth.  And...  Is there just small little communities?  Sure.  For the moment, maybe two, three weeks prior when the early entries start coming in,  it does disrupt.  Right. And one of the big things that we have discussed,  and we'll get on to the law enforcement action a little bit later,  is, you know,  the local communities do not appreciate people speeding through their town.  I mean, this is where you...  No one wants someone going 70 miles an hour down their street,  and that applies here, too.  So, hence, the speed zones,  when you're coming into a town, you'll see, you know,  70, 55...  And it goes down and down and down.  And do people respect that for the most part?  You know what? I would say...  I would say 98%  follow everything.  Right.  The 2% that doesn't really fucks it up.  Because they pass in the school zone.  They will try to pass in places like dead-ox.  We've had members driven off the side of the road.  I've had a cousin who I hit,  and from that time on, she's had troubles.  So, not only is it dangerous,  but people can get it, people can't,  and do get injured.  But it's also disrespectful to the community.  But you know what?  And as much as we can say it over and over and over,  that little 2%,  1% still will never listen.  Because even driving up here today,  I was getting passed by some big RVs.  Right.  And there's no need to rush.  Everybody's getting here the same...  There's just no need to...  Well, there's a lot of formal from participants.  Oh, I get nervous because I'm going to miss the thing  at whatever time.  Yeah.  Which is really not important.  I don't want to be there, but it's not so important  that you need to endanger other people  and especially people who live here.  The thing that for tribal members,  I think the really thing that just greats everybody,  it's just speeding the passing and the garbage.  I was going to ask you next, what about the trash?  What's the impact of the trash?  I think from my perspective, from what I've been told,  a lot of people,  so they've got to trip back a trash,  it's on the back of their load.  I've heard it properly.  It falls off.  Some of them, a lot of them might have made me think they got...  They're close.  They have no idea, but still it's an impact.  So how much garbage is there?  Is it gotten better?  Is it gotten worse?  It's about the same.  Yeah.  Okay, so yes.  Some years, some years, other things...  You know, more things fall off than other years.  Right.  Every year, people do not secure their stuff well.  The one good thing is that the Burning Man organization  right after most of the people have passed through,  they come through and they work both sides  of the whole rez road from the moment they get in,  within our boundaries, all the way through.  So we know it does get picked up.  The problem is, people don't secure this stuff.  What should be there in the first place, right?  And I wish I can verify it.  I remember seeing on Facebook that for the 24 hours  after Burning Man,  the Furnley Transfer Station is open for free,  free dump disposals.  Right.  So there are people who are going to try to charge you,  you know, five, whatever, 10 bucks to dump your bag off.  The Furnley Transfer Station within the first 24 hours.  I know that the organization works with a lot of different resources in Reno as well  and in Sparks and so forth.  For many, many places that you can get rid of trash or building bicycles  and all that kind of stuff on the way back before you even hit, you know,  before you even hit Reno.  It really has gotten better over the years.  That's one thing we can't say because in the very early years,  the moment people would leave here and it would pretty much be  the first garbage hand they saw.  Right.  Oh gosh, things would just be loaded all around there.  And it's gotten better.  Right. And people, you're not supposed to like pull over at a business  and throw your crap in their dumpster.  But now if you go into like, say you've come through Wadsworth  and you're heading into Furnley,  loves has a huge,  what is it?  We're going to call those things.  The big dumpsters.  Sure. For people in the dumpster dumpsters.  So there are places and it has gotten better.  But it's just the thing I think that people don't like that happens a lot is  you're just not securing your stuff good enough.  Right. What about, so one of the things that we were told this year  was that a direct request from some of the local communities  was that people coming to the event were stopping in communities  and shopping in local businesses and they weren't dressed appropriately.  This can be, or what are your thoughts on that?  This is what we got that was direct requests from like chambers of commerce and so forth.  I've never heard anything.  Yeah, it's pretty much, you know what?  We all know this is what happens every year.  This is what people wear and they wear whatever they want to wear.  Yeah, if you don't like it, don't look at it.  It's just, it makes no difference to us.  Bob Zilla here with Heidi McCluskey and her daughter's Kayla and Cassidy  members of the Paiute Tribe locals who live in Wadsworth.  We are delighted to have them here in the studio.  You are the first Paiute Tribe members who have been here as far as I know.  We were going to talk about the current issues on the roads.  So there was, as you probably know, K-9 units  in the LM and Nixon and they were pulling over a lot of people  for what didn't seem like, in often cases, good reasons.  I mean, the thing is, so if you post someone over legally,  so we had a big talk about this earlier at the station,  you post somebody over for a traffic stop.  You know, they were over the center line or they were speeding.  And they were actually stopping people who were going to slow,  which is interesting.  They tried to roll through Nixon and stuff like five miles per hour under  just to make sure I'm good, but people were getting pulled over for too slow.  So they can do your traffic thing.  They cannot delay your stop.  So they stopped you for traffic.  Once that's resolved, they either set you or whatever.  They have to let you go because you're not under arrest.  So they can't say, hold on.  We'll have a dog team here in 15 minutes.  At that point, you're free to go.  But if they have a K-9 unit right there,  they can then the dogs can circle the car.  A sniff of a dog is not considered a search.  But if the dog alerts, they smell something of which many we were told are false alerts.  That is probable cause for them to then search your vehicle.  And then it goes downhill from there.  The word that we got was that the Bureau of Indian Affairs  in conjunction with the BLM  in an effort to aid President Trump's crackdown on the opioid crisis  was monitoring and was doing an enforcement action  on the highway because this was a major drug smuggling route  into and out of the event.  Now, later on, we heard from other people  that the BLM was not consulted about this  and that it wasn't coordinated.  So what's your take on this as a local tribal member?  Okay, well.  Then someone may be coming in to correct me.  No politics.  No politics, please.  This was, okay.  What was your opinion on it?  As a local member?  As a local member.  Me personally.  I have a resident.  So my resident, my resident, I got a crack wind shield.  I don't have plates on there because I was waiting for my tax exemption  thing to go through.  But I was wrong with it.  There was one other thing.  Oh, your vehicle.  Yeah.  So I had like three issues going and I was even scared to drive  because no matter what, it wasn't just you guys.  It was us too.  We were getting pulled over.  Yeah.  And I know, right now everyone wants to have a good time out here.  We don't want to really discuss politics and all that.  But it was something that this year was a little extreme.  It was something that threw not only you guys off, but us too.  Because if you think about it, it bears.  Basically, it goes Department of Interior.  Trump.  People have to say, you know, the guy on top.  Right.  Is the Department of Interior.  And then below that falls, the Bureau of Interior Affairs.  We aren't pleased by the Bureau of Indian Affairs.  Locally not so like.  They're not the cops on the reservation.  We have tribal police.  Got it.  And do they answer to the BIA?  Yes.  But so the BIA has their own law enforcement branch.  Yes.  Got it.  If anything goes wrong, we are prosecuted under federal law,  not state law.  Federal law supersedes state law for us.  Right.  And so when something happens out there, even if it's a non-tribal member,  like one of Kayla's cousins was accidentally killed at the smoke shop.  He was ran over by a non-tribal and that person was prosecuted under federal law.  Got it.  Local police, your local tribal police.  Do they report to the Bureau of Indian Affairs law enforcement branch?  That's a good question.  I couldn't tell you that.  Okay.  And very quickly, let's talk on, you know, Bernie Mann is often cited as, you know, sometimes, you know,  we get the impression that the state of Nevada and some other people are trying to squeeze cash out of this.  It's a cash cow.  It's a benefit to the state of Nevada.  You know, people come and shop and they spend money.  How does that affect as a local member of the tribe and as a local person?  Do you see an economic benefit from this event?  Personally, no.  The only time it has actually, I feel the only time it's actually benefitted or impacted us.  When Bernie Mann has donated to the food bank, and this year, I believe they gave 8,000 something that directly trickles down to our tribe.  But yeah, they've done a lot of things.  There was the solar panel.  Exactly from Black Rock solar.  They've done it for natures.  They've done it for the elementary school, the high school, as well as the clinic.  Okay.  The museum, too, didn't they?  Yeah, I know. They've done a lot.  You know, for me personally, from the beginning to now, I think one of the best things that I've really noticed that Bernie Mann has had a solid impact, it's art.  The art, from save from the beginning to now, you see even art in, firmly you see art in Reno.  Well, let notes. So it's very clicky because we need to wrap up soon.  What do you think about the proposed growth of the population?  Growth through the event to 100,000 people?  I personally wouldn't like to see that at all.  I don't think our tribal members would either.  There are a lot of participants who don't want to see it either.  As it is now, when you guys are, when the burn happens and the whole freight train of car comes out, sometimes it takes us a long time just to get to the other side of the road, just to get to grandma's house, just to get home, takes a long time because these cars don't stop.  The impact of 100,000, I personally think it's just too much and I don't think a lot of our tribal members are too excited about that sort of population growth out here.  In general, yeah.  Sure. Okay.  I want to thank you guys for coming into the studio.  It's been a pleasure having you here.  Heidi McCluskey, her daughter's Kayla and Cassidy.  Thank you so much for coming.  Thank you for being good neighbors to us and I'm looking forward to a long friendship with you.  Thank you.  We're going to go out.  We'll go ahead.  One last thing I just want to give a wonderful shout out to our friend over in Paris, France.  Benoit, Henry.  He didn't get to come this year and I said I was going to give a shout out to him.  I want to thank you for letting me play my favorite songs and letting me just have a moment of a platform out here.  I don't know who hears this but this was very exciting for me and I want to thank you.  Thank you.  You are most welcome.