 Sadly Arnold passed away, not a couple months after Burning Man, yet we'll fill you in on that, but tonight yet is back in BlackRock City with her BMI, our family, and we are bringing you a program to remember Arnold.  Are you there?  Yes, I am.  Okay, talk so I can see what microphone you're on. There you go.  Well, we were here last year with Arnold, and you were welcome. It's special. We immediately feel like we were here with family, and Arnold was so happy to be here.  And I didn't know anything about Burning Man when I met him. I only knew him for three years, and that's sad on one side, but I think I'm really grateful that I've known him for the three years I had.  So we should wonderful moments. When did Arnold become ill?  The end of 2017 he became ill. He had kind of stomach pains, not really severe to start with, and then that it's some research, that it's some things in the hospital, and at first it seemed okay. He got some pills, and we should try that for like a few months, but it didn't work.  After Christmas, actually the day after Christmas 2017, he went back to the doctor to get another exam. Is that an exam? You call that examination?  Yes, yes.  And then immediately it was, we knew it wasn't good. So, well, they do a lot of them to repeat that, and I think after two weeks we got the message that all the diagnosis that it was stomach cancer,  and that everything they could do was give us time. So that was harsh, but actually at that moment, he asked me to marry him, so that was really special.  So Arnold was, when you guys came out and camped at BMIR in 2017, Arnold was already knew that he had cancer, correct?  When we came to camp with you? Yes.  Yeah, he already had like a lot of treatments, and actually in operation to remove his stomach.  He was in hospital for like three weeks in a really good hospital in Holland, which is specialized in cancer, and he participated in like a research.  Right, experimental treatment.  Yeah, which was very heavy to go through and to recover from, but he did really, really, really well.  Even the doctors were impressed by his progression, and by spirit, because he just believed that he was going to be okay.  He actually built like a garden, a cabin in our garden after he recovered from it.  And right before we came here, he had to go to hospital to get the approval, because it's a long trip.  Exactly.  And they actually said that given a spirit and given that he was eating well, and he was gaining weight, and he was looking good, and he was like happy and really decisive to survive.  And he said, well, I think you're okay for now. So we were really not only happy to be here, but also very positive about the future when we came here.  So it felt like a new start, or like, you know, very positive.  And then when you guys were here, he, you know, some complications arose, correct? And you guys had to leave?  At first, he felt really great and happy, and he was like enjoying every single, not moment, but second of it.  He was happy to be at the hospital.  He was so happy.  He was truly at home.  He was truly at home, and I remember, because I've been here a week talking to everybody, talking to the family, and everybody has some memories about him.  One really good memory of me is like he was playing kiss and ride, so when I came into the lounge, and I saw the kiss cushions, is that work?  Yeah, cushions. You saved from last year, it was my moment that he was so happy doing that. He was in front of the lounge, and he had like two big lip cushions, and he was playing kiss and ride.  And he was biking by, had to kiss the cushions before they could go through, and he was doing that for like two hours, and he was the happiest guy on earth.  That was so funny. So that's my best moment, but other family members had the pancake event.  He was baking pancakes for the whole camp.  The Dutch love pancakes, by the way, he didn't know, there are pancake restaurants in Holland.  Yeah, he'd like to go there.  So you guys had to, then all of a sudden he had to leave, he had to go to the hospital in Reno.  I think it was Thursday night that we were dancing for sunrise, and that was his magical moment, and we were biking back to the camp, and he said,  you know what? I think it's gone. I think I really feel that my body is clean. I feel so happy.  So that was Thursday, well Friday morning, and actually Friday night, he became to have pain, and his belly was really implemented.  So that night we went to the medical stuff here, and they examined him and gave him some IV, because it was really hot last summer.  And he couldn't drink like three or four liters a day, because he didn't have a stomach.  So we were there for one night, and all the family members were helping me, and us, and getting to come and get me, because he didn't want to wake me up.  And so I was here, and I had to go there, and then, well, that was Friday night.  Friday to Saturday night, and at the day time he was okay, and the night time he became again very ill, and then Sunday morning they decided that we had to go to Reno to the hospital.  So, well, it was like an emergency, so we got escorted by...  I'll be called a deep...  Deep W and B and B.  Rangers, the Rangers escorted it out.  Yeah, and everybody here just packed my stuff and helped me.  I was walking around in my underwear, not knowing where to start.  So that was really cool, and we were at the hospital in Reno at night time.  And of course I did some x-rays, but you know, when you don't have a stomach and your intestines are clouched together by some...  They didn't know what to make of that, so they were getting contact with our surgeons in Holland.  And I think they knew, but they didn't tell us.  So, we could go back on our normal flight, which was Friday.  Sure.  So, we arrived in Holland like Saturday evening, and then Sunday evening we were in a hospital that did his operation again,  and at Monday they did all the tests, and they came with like four surgeons.  And we were still really positive because he didn't want to believe that he was going to die.  So, they came in with four, and we actually said, well, is this a party because you were a lot of people?  And then they started crying, like for really big surgeons in the hospital, they started crying with four of them.  And they said, well, I don't think we... I don't think you're going to make it because it's back, and we're not going to be able to do anything about it.  And we should explain to our listeners and people who are in the lounge that Arnold chose to end his own life.  Yeah.  Euthanasia is legal in the Netherlands.  It's an option for those who are terminally ill.  And so Arnold chose, as he said, I've chosen to rest.  Yeah.  Remember those are very clearly, and Arnold was able to really plan his own exit from this dimension,  and how he wanted to be remembered.  We are remembering Arnold Roosh, a dear friend and member of the BMI family,  who passed away just this year, actually, I believe.  And we are remembering him in the lounge yet, are you there?  Yes, I am.  So, we're going to listen to an interview next of Arnold.  Do you want to tell people about that?  Yes.  Well, you introduced Hybrid and Redner earlier, and were there really good friends of us.  Actually, I live around the corner of the hospital, and he was operated in, and they came by every day.  Only five minutes, sometimes, just to bring me food, or he had to walk every day.  He has like five or six IV bags, so he had to have a pole to walk with.  And they came to send him lights.  So, he was walking across the hospital corridors with lights, unlike one of those poles to ride with.  He was a burner in the hospital as well.  You can't go without lights.  No, no, no.  So, Hybrid asked because he was on air last year as well, and this year as well.  Arnold, if he would like to tell his story at the radio.  And Arnold is like the most...  Well, I still say is because I don't feel like he's not here.  He is here.  But Arnold is like the most positive guy on earth.  He was even in the year he was sick.  He was making people smile, taking care of me, taking care of the people around him.  And just a sweet loving guy.  And I think the interview will explain that much more than I can do in any word.  So, that's when we were talking about the memory.  I asked you to just broadcast that again because I think he can explain it better himself.  So, let's hear the interview with Arnold Roosh recorded here at BMIR last year.  In the studio with me right now, if you're up to it, I have a...  I'm just gonna pop up in the mic.  It doesn't matter.  There you go.  I have a dear friend of mine.  Arnold was also Dutch.  Yeah.  And his story is...  Yeah, how do you say?  Well, interesting.  Very interesting.  Very special.  Very interesting.  Yeah.  And I just want to share with you guys out there.  Yeah.  It has been an awesome journey the last half year.  Starting off in...  Well, December, basically December 27th.  When they diagnosed me with stomach cancer.  And well, that kind of your world breaks down.  Because they basically say you got about three to eight months to live.  There was not a lot they could do, they said.  So, I went into chemotherapy for about three months.  And in the meantime, I got to speak with some people.  In the meantime, you got married?  I got married, yeah.  Which was awesome.  Yeah, I got married on February 10th, which was on the top of my bucket list.  So, with the most amazing woman that I know.  That's it.  So, yeah, done that.  So, that was great.  Then, that was after my first chemo.  And then I got two more.  And in the meantime, I got to speak with some people in the hospital.  And they said, well, yeah, you're kind of an interesting case.  I can maybe send your file over to some specialists.  And they did.  And I received a call from them.  And they said, well, yeah, we're doing this experimental thing.  And maybe you can talk.  So, I went over there to answer them.  And I was qualified.  And you're still qualified.  Apparently, I'm still qualified.  I'm going to swear on the radio now.  But fuck your ear.  Yeah.  Fuck yeah.  Sorry.  Sorry.  But that's basically the only expression that you can use for this.  They took out my stomach.  I had an 11-hour surgery.  They gave me a very heavy chemotherapy in my stomach area.  And basically, it got better from there.  They will never say I'm healed because they think it will come back.  But I'm here now.  Oh, yeah.  And then, yeah, I have them.  And thanks, I have to give big thanks to my friend here, Hybert.  And Burning Man Edelands, that made it possible for me to be here.  Because we were, of course, way too late for ticket sale.  And they said, well, if you want to go,  we're going to arrange that you can go.  And so did it.  So, big thank you.  This is my third time here in the US.  And I've been to Africa burn once.  So, yeah.  Yeah.  I hope again.  Oh, yeah.  Yeah.  It's awesome to be here.  And it's incredible that, if you think about it, there were two options.  Either I would have been probably dead by now.  Or I'm dancing in a desert.  Oh, yeah.  Now, you're dancing in a desert.  I'm dancing in a desert.  Which was an awesome goal to set, day wise.  Yeah.  So, recovery everything.  Yeah.  And my surgery was April 18th.  It was focused.  That's an incredible focus.  And it helped me through the whole thing.  Knowing that my goal was to be here.  And I'm here.  Yeah, I do.  We dance.  We party.  Yeah.  We celebrate your life as well.  Yeah.  Thank you for that.  Because, yeah.  First of all, I was a guy.  And your mindset inspired me as well.  Thank you.  Thank you so much.  Yeah.  What's your goal?  You can reach it.  Yeah, you can.  You can.  Yeah.  You have to.  We are remembering the life of Arnold Roosh here at BMIR.  Well, it's really special to be here with all the family.  And we're sharing a lot of love and tears.  And I think that's really grateful for that.  And I must say that I'm honored to be a part of this memorial.  So thank you.  Do you want to talk about the next clip that we've got the story  that we're going to hear a recording of Arnold?  Yes.  Well, I told you before that he directed his own funeral.  And he asked one of our dearest friend, Matt O'Sufford.  That's a strange name in English, I know.  But Matt is a really, really, really good storyteller.  He does that all the time in Holland.  And he made that he, at the funeral, he did a really special story  at Arnold.  And I'll tell you later what made that really special.  But I think it's nice to listen to it first.  When we were talking about this memorial, of course,  I can tell the story in my own words.  But because he's such a good speaker, I asked him to record it.  So he did.  And we're going to listen to it.  Well, it's really special.  We will go to that right now.  Yeah.  God.  God.  Hey, God.  There's a strange guy at our gate.  Strange.  Well, he's seen strange before.  Now's this one strange.  Well, he's brought some kind of contraption with him.  A machine or something.  He built himself.  All right, that sounds strange.  Never heard of anyone bringing a machine up here before.  Well, what's he doing with it?  Well, he seems to collect our heavenly star dust,  puts it into the machine.  And at the other end, it prints like it's in three,  the printer or something that prints pieces of rainbow.  Pieces of rainbow.  What's he doing with those?  Well, he hands them out to anyone passing along.  Old people, young people, people died of diseases,  died in concrashes, died of old age,  they'll get a piece of his rainbow.  And then, once they pass through our gate,  they hold those pieces of rainbow.  These people, they look happier and more beautiful  than they ever did while they were alive.  Now, hold on, hold on.  I know.  I know who that man is.  Why don't you tell me before?  There's always one man who can come up with a plan like that.  There's only one man who wants to make people feel at ease  and beautiful and happy.  That man's Arnold Rose.  Now, you go and let us mount him.  We need a man like that in here.  God.  God.  That's Arnold Rose.  That's the man who keeps talking about it.  But God.  He's such a young man.  And that is the story.  Tell us a little bit about that.  Have that happened again?  Well, Arnold, for work, he was a teacher.  You call it college here,  but in Holland, it's called high school.  High school, okay.  And Arnold was running in a maker space  where they had 3D printers and laser cutters  and every student of the school didn't matter,  which I don't know how you call it.  You could do fashion design or you were an IT study.  Every student could come into the maker space  and do his thing with the machines they had.  And the students of the school also helped  the other students.  And that was like his life goal.  He was so happy.  He always said,  even if I didn't pay me,  I want to do this job.  And he was the founder of that maker space  and he was the inspirator of the people who worked there.  And actually, always students like all the stewards,  they were called the students that worked in the maker space.  They were all at the funeral.  And they were like 20 of them.  And they heard the story.  And when they heard that I was going to Burning Man,  they made me pieces of rainbow in the maker space  at the machines they have there.  So the reason I wanted to let this story broadcast on the radio  is first because it's a really special story  and it's really beautiful.  It's beautiful.  But the day of the funeral,  I heard from a lot of people  because I wasn't really looking at the sky.  My head was somewhere else.  But there was a rainbow prior to the funeral.  And it was not a full rainbow.  It was half.  And I heard that from like 20 people.  They came up and drove to the funeral  and they saw half a rainbow.  And then this story came up.  And then the students made me the pieces of rainbow.  So you've got the other half of the rainbow here with you?  Yes.  I do.  And I'm not Arnold,  but I would like to give pieces of rainbow  to like everybody who needs it or who wants it  or who knows somebody who needs it.  Because I think that's how it works.  Absolutely.  You inspire people and you give them pieces of rainbow to shine.  Do we have anyone in the lounge there who knew Arnold  who wants to say a word or two of our memories of Arnold?  And then we're going to play another song.  We're going to do a toast to Arnold's memory.  Yeah.  There's no rush here.  We have all the time in the world here.  I think we have somebody.  Okay.  Well, that's a funny question  because I mean, I can't claim to have known Arnold well.  I met him last year here at BMIR.  Being out is out here like four or five minutes of somebody.  You can feel like four or five hours out there  and four or five hours can feel like four or five days  and weeks and months and years and so on.  Hearing him call his journey and awesome journey  is such a testament to even the way I knew him last year  the relatively limited time we had together  that that was his spirit.  I didn't even know he was ill.  Didn't even know because you know some people wear their trauma  or their disease or their pain or their sorrow  or their difficult emotions like you know  big old black roses on their lapels  so everyone knows it.  And that was just the exact opposite of Arnold.  You know his passion and his compassion is  and his spirit is drive to be here.  But the one thing I really wanted to say  was something he taught me  because I really didn't get to know him  until later in the week, like the last couple days.  Honestly, the last two days maybe that you're here give or take.  We all know the cliché and it's a true cliché  like clichés often are that you know  tell the people you're with, you love them every minute  and spend time with them and get that energy with them  because you don't know how long they're going to be here.  That's true.  But what I think I learned from Arnold  in his very subtle beautiful majestura way was just  you know get to know the people you don't know singer  because you don't know how much you might love them.  Especially out here  and don't really jump on that all the time every day.  That's it.  Thank you.  Yeah.  I think Jack spoke too fast.  So it was a similar situation.  I met you in Arnold last year  and the one thing that was always so inspiring  aside from his amazing powerful beautiful energy  it was always the way that he loved you.  The way he looked at you  and I must have said this to like five people  every time I was like my god  they just love each other so much  and he was just whenever you would walk by  there was a couple of times him  and I were talking and laughing  and you would walk by and the world stopped  and he would just stare at you  and it was just so gorgeous  and then he'd look at me and be like  I love her and it was just  we had a few moments like that  and without us talking just  during the week I always watched for that  because it was just so powerful  and so deep the way that  you two loved each other  and it was inspiring and contagious  and so contagious  that it just any couldn't be  around you two  without feeling that profound love  and that memory is one  that I think I'll always hold on to  just the way he loved you  and the way you loved each other.  Thank you, Jucks.  Thank you.  That's why I can be here.  That's, you know, that's what  that's what keeps me going.  The love I felt and I still feel  and I remember after I was  passed I sent you a little message  on the internet and said hey, you know  I know that this may be  difficult to think about but  if you want to come back to Burning Man  everything will be taken care of for you.  So come and be with us.  We've got a ticket for you  and you'll be here  where you need to be  with your family  and we'll be here for you.  Yeah, and that's what I feel.  I really feel I needed to be here  and while I'm here I'm healing  like every moment I'm healing  thanks to the love.  Thank you.  Do you want to talk about  this may be difficult and if you don't want to talk about it  that's perfectly okay.  Do you want to talk about Arnold's decision  to rest?  Oh yeah, of course it's difficult  but I think it's also very important  because he, actually he was really  afraid of dying.  So his dear friend and my dear friend Nadim  he stayed with me  for the last three months actually  after we got back from Burning Man  he came to live with us  and we took care of him together  and a lot of the things we had to do was like  talk to him about dying  because he was really afraid  of dying and of the pain  and of he thought of death  like it wasn't a gateway  or a nice rainbow but he thought  it was like a big black thing  he was going to be in  and every night when the lights go out  and that was for weeks  prior to the decision  we were talking to him for hours  about dying and about his fear  for dying and about  anything that has to do with that  and then finally  he decided to talk to our family  doctor about that  and we said a date  and that's the most  strange thing you  I have ever done in my life  because then you know  when the love of your life  is going to die  and that was like Tuesday  and the date was Saturday  so we had to do a few more days  together which was  like precious every moment of that  every second of that was precious  but we decided  like only Arnold could  that we were going to pass  those days like any other day  because when you  spend those days thinking  that will be your last day  you cannot  right you can't focus on it  no you cannot do that you know  when you go to bed you have to think  tomorrow I'll die you  you'll die at that moment actually  exactly  so it may sound really strange  but we just did groceries  and we just cooked  and we watched stupid Netflix shows  I think  I think it was a rain  it was like a costume series  we finished  together  and then he looked at me and he said  okay this is part  this is like season number three  and that they're going to broadcast season number four  in January I won't see it  it's like god damn it  exactly that he said  so  we chose to  to think of those days  like it was running  we had like thousands of days  to spend together  and actually a few months ago  I just  figured that we didn't even say goodbye  because it didn't feel like saying goodbye  we didn't say the words  goodbye we said  I love you and I'll stay with you  and  he said he wasn't afraid anymore  and that was really a special moment for us  do you want to talk about  I know this may be difficult  and if you don't want to talk about it  that's perfectly okay  do you want to talk about Arnold's decision to rest?  oh yeah  of course it's difficult  but I think it's also very important  because he  actually he was really afraid of dying  so his dear friend  and my dear friend Nadim  he stayed with me for the last three months  actually after we got back  from Burning Man he came to live with us  and we took care of him  together  and a lot of the things we had to do  was talk to him  about dying  because he was really afraid  of dying  and of the pain  he thought of death  it wasn't a gateway or a nice rainbow  but he thought it was like a big black thing  he was going to be in  and every night when the lights go out  and that was for weeks  prior to the decision  we were talking to him for hours  about dying and about his fear  for dying and about  or anything that has to do with that  and then finally  he decided to talk to our family  doctor about that  and we said a date  and that's the most strange thing  you were  I have ever done in my life  because then you know  when the love of your life  is going to die  and that was like Tuesday  and the day was Saturday  so we had to  do a few more days together  which was like precious  every moment of that  every second of that was precious  but we decided  that we could  that we were going to pass those days  like any other day  because when you spend those days  thinking that will be your last day  you will  you cannot  you cannot focus on it  you cannot do that  you know when you go to bed  you have to think tomorrow  I will die  you will die at that moment  exactly  and we just  cooked and we watched stupid Netflix shows  I think it was  rain  it was like a costume series  we finished together  and then he looked at me  and he said okay this is part  this is like season number three  and that they are going to broadcast season number four  in January I won't see it  it's like god damn it  exactly that  exactly that he said  so we chose to  to think of those days  like it was running  we had like thousands of days  to spend together  and actually a few months ago  I just  figured that we didn't even say goodbye  because it didn't feel like saying goodbye  we didn't say the words goodbye  we said I love you  and I will stay with you  and he said he wasn't afraid anymore  and that was really a special moment for us  and I  asked him to be proud  because not only was he  like a beautiful person  but it takes a lot of courage to die  I mean the awe  of his courage  and his brainness  yeah it's really courageous  to decide  you don't want to live anymore  so actually he said  I'm proud  those were his last words  you know that  go ahead I'm sorry  well I  want to share this  that is funeral  and I will share it again  that the moment he passed away  and he went on his journey  because that's the way I would  I like to see it  he went on another journey  he went alone  but it was the most beautiful moment  of my life  because he was at peace  and I think it's the best present  you can ever give everybody  this world in peace  so I'm actually  really proud that I could give him that moment  it's beautiful  let's hear another song  that you had picked out  or that Arnold had picked out  and then we're going to do a toast  to remember our friend Arnold  we remember in the  life of our friend  and dear family member  and can't remember Arnold  passed away last year  yet do you have anything else you want to say  do you want to do a toast to remember Arnold  we have some champagne here at the studio  I believe  or out in the lounge  yeah  but what I really want to say is that  I think I said it  just before the rainbow  or after the rainbow story  I have like a big bag of rainbow pieces here  and of course everybody  in the family can  choose their color  or anything they want  but I have like 200 of them  so I think  I think I can show them with a lot more people  so when you're listening  and you think or you feel  you need a piece of rainbow  or you know somebody who needs a piece  or you just want to take a piece  and hand it over to anyone  you meet as a player  please come and get it  I will leave them here  and here we're going to toast  just one  just one  the next song  that's the last song actually  and that was a really  dear song to Arnold  because he had to surrender  to a lot of things in his life  and finally he had to surrender  to death  and this song really  brought him peace  in the end  so it's a special song  I think we're going to toast here  on his life during this song  and we'll bring you a glass  I will come out  Thank you