 And I think of 1996 is like a turning point year,  because that was the year last year of John Law,  one of the founders of Burning Man,  last year of guns and a lot less rules.  The last year of no city streets really.  And that was before there was a real map of the city.  So that was a turning point year.  The next turning point year, 2007, which  is the year of the, well, let me just tell the story.  So 2007, let me set it up.  For years and years and years, speaking of pranks,  there was this movement in Black Rock City,  burn the man on Wednesday, burn the man early.  Because especially old-timers who've been coming out  here for a while kind of felt like things are predictable.  It's like, yeah, we burned the man on Saturday.  There's a big fireworks display.  It's like Disneyland, right?  And so it was like, burn the man early.  And it was a joke until it wasn't, you know?  And so there we are on Sunday night.  Larry Harvey had just stopped by our camp  because that was the last year of his clear  and he wanted to come hang out.  And we're like, hanging out, fabulous night.  It was a warm, beautiful night.  It was a lunar eclipse.  We wanted to go out to the playa, see the lunar eclipse.  I'm running around with my friend Yaya.  And we're walking in towards the open playa.  And we see this flame in the distance.  And we're like, oh, wow, they're burning something early.  Oh, that's kind of cool for the,  I mean, it's before gates were really open, right?  You know, gates are just opened  or they're about to open and we look.  And I'm like, it feels like the man's burning.  That night I can't be it.  And then we see a golf cart zipping by a top speed.  And we're like, oh, my God, wait, what's going on?  And they recognize me.  And I'm like, get Adrian, get in.  And I'm like, we get in.  I was like, it looks like the man's burning.  And I'm like, it's because the man is burning.  And I'm like, oh, my God.  So the rangers who picked us up in the golf cart  are freaking out, freaking out.  Meanwhile, me and Yaya are like, oh my God,  it's finally happening.  It's finally happening.  They're finally burning the man early.  It's this is the thing.  So we're like zipping out to the burn.  And I have to, it was the best burn I'd ever.  I mean, maybe the second pass.  I mean, really, I kind of think like burning man is sort of like,  you know, your first one, there's nothing you can compare it to  because you got nothing to do.  You have very little reference points.  So just seeing the epicness of it is pretty special,  especially when it was only 800 people in the middle of the desert  like it was in, you know, the early 90s.  But this was, oh my God, best burn ever.  There was a spot in 80 to it.  There was unexpectedness to it.  It was what burning man was supposed to be.  It was like, oh my God, you never know what's going to happen.  It's not scheduled.  It's not planned.  And it's like, oh my God, it is the burning man.  And it's burning just a few days early, you know.  So we loved it.  And then I was like, it was like a crowd, of course,  or surrounded it.  And so you've got half the crowd, you know, chanting,  let it burn, let it burn.  And then you've got the, you know, other half the crowd  like chanting something like, you know, like, you know,  put it out, put it out.  I mean, it was like, it was, it was very spontaneous  and it was interactive.  And it was, it was just, you know, I hate  to use the term, it was a magical night at Burning Man  because it gets overused.  But that was a magical night at Burning Man.  It really, it kind of captured something.  I wrote about it in, in my book, where I really  like how to say, where is it?  I had a couple of juicy quotes I wanted to quote.  But I'm probably like, you know, oh,  you know, whether or yelling was save the man,  that's what it was.  You know, we were yelling, let it burn.  And then there was another half that, you know,  we're like, save the man and, you know,  and then we overheard like some people saying,  it's like, oh my god, well, you know, like newbies.  Well, what are we gonna do on Saturday night now?  You know, and it's like, as if like Black Rock City  has not got a zillion other things going on.  I mean, they kind of like, hadn't figured out yet,  that Burning Man is so much more, like,  like the burning of the man is practically  an afterthought at this point.  It's, you know, it's so much what happens the week of, right?  And it was really exciting.  And, you know, within hours, you know,  we were drunkenly making shirts that said,  you know, what we were calling it.  I mean, this is probably not probably,  this is extremely important.  But we were like, oh, this is Burning Man's 9-11.  And, you know, it was happened on August 28th.  So we made shirts like 8-28 was an inside job.  Never forget.  And, you know, it all turned into like a bit of a,  like a, you know, a meme, really a community meme.  And then it came out that Paul Addis was the arsonist.  So then there's like, you know, free Paul Addis,  like the stickers going around.  And, you know, it immediately turned into a joke.  And I wish that the Burning Man organization  would have kind of like embraced it and been like,  okay, well, we're just gonna like leave it here  and maybe we'll finish it off on Saturday night.  But, you know, I mean, on the one hand,  I feel like that's what they should have done.  But I also know it was a nice rallying thing,  a challenge for the man crew that you're at,  a couple of friends on man crew  that were like, they really enjoyed stepping up  and it was like, wow, what normally takes a month.  We threw together in three days, yay, us.  So that was really cool.  What was not cool, I feel is what the Burning Man organization  ended up doing to Paul Addis, where they, you know,  really added up a bunch of stuff.  So instead of it just being a misdemeanor  ended up being a federal felony  and you know, Paul Addis ended up going to prison  for a few years and, you know, I kind of felt a little bit  of like, you know, I felt sorry for him,  you know, until I met him and realized  what a utter crazy nut job he is.  But unfortunately, what Paul Addis needed  was mental health, not two years of prison  and you know, a few years later,  he ended up throwing himself into a train  and killing himself.  But before that, you know, he pulled off  probably the ultimate, the ultimate Burning Man prank,  which was burning the man on, not on Burning Man's terms,  but on his own terms.  So.