 Like four, what do you want to say here?  Let me pop you up here.  I had something I wanted to come up in.  I wanted to read for, actually, a few different years,  something I've written.  So it's really kind of, it's interesting,  because I haven't really got a perspective on it  until now, but I guess you could kind of call it a review.  This kind of my perspective from burning from 2011  up until 2016.  All right, well, what's your name?  Let's start with your name.  My name's Nate.  Nate.  Or Yoda here on plan.  Yoda on plan.  Well, go ahead, if it's not going to take too long, go ahead.  Yoda, everyone, Yoda.  All right, so I just wanted to kind of basically  as my experience from when I started burning in 2008, 2008,  but my experience from 2011, I mean,  the theme back in 2011 was right to passage.  And the man for the first time that year  was had the legs spread and taking one step  from one pyramid to another.  And this was done personally for me by the creators,  because the Burning Man organization applied for them  to be a nonprofit organization.  It was literally their own right of passage.  Simultaneously, the events sold out for the first time.  Circle of regional efficacies as well  that was picked the regions of the world  to have burner culture to come to the playa  and build an effigy to burn it on playa Thursday night  to be the largest burn in the world.  2011 core projects were united regions of burners  who were neighbors, but never knew.  The lottery was put in place much like a youth  turning to an adult in a tribe  being cast out of the privilege of being provided for it.  But they had to hunt out their own ticket  and gain their right to participate in the community.  The playa was riddled with first time burners  and the city experienced congestion and challenges  they'd never faced before.  And then it was a complete realized right of passage  by every participant.  In 2012, you had this theme of fertility.  And that was the thing that was really weird at all,  because often nine o'clock plus the theme cams,  all of the male centered interests,  while three o'clock plus the theme cams  were all female centered interests.  And I think to myself in this place  is like a Vitruvian man.  It's the Burning Man symbol.  From 10 and 2, it cuts through the man to the center  to create the arms and legs and the diamond to the deep playa  is the head, the temple is the 12 o'clock us.  We all exit out of the way that we entered through the groin  at six o'clock and rebirth back into the new world.  Now back to touch in 2013 in the theme  is cargo cults.  So it's about humans that were never touched by modern day,  by modern day man.  But they met soldiers in the world war  that viewed them as gods by dropping cargo from the sky  and being able to call flying machines  and beasts from the sky.  So no, so the event asked on our tickets,  who's John from, where are they really from?  And how can we, where is planet Earth going  on this existence?  Here's the thing.  The eye answered is John from, came from the soldiers.  John was the most common name, American name,  and they introduced themselves high on John from Los Angeles,  New York, Boston, Chicago.  But to them, it was all the same person  in separate bodies, or as a god.  In that year, the man burned asking three questions,  which were those.  So the cohesion of the three is that Black Rock City  received a massive indoctrination of secular religion.  So I think I've felt for the last three years  leading up to that point.  But now, religions, as set of rules, regulations,  and guidelines for spiritual principles and practices,  what's this new religion believes in is the individual.  When we believe in ourselves, it's  seemingly impossible, it becomes attainable.  The god, or higher power, or deity,  or effect of being outside of us,  is revealed to us in our everyday lives,  and we're empowered to follow our passions  of what our existence tells us to do.  And Black Rock City showed me that every role and position  has a place in a person with a passion to do it.  In society, we're forced against our wills  of their passions, to fill others' needs  in order to achieve their own passions.  That is, but here we're now.  We've always had the choice.  We've only just walked out of Socrates,  came to realize that when we pursue our passions,  we allow others to buy opening the space  that we occupy while in wait.  So where are we going, you ask?  Well, we're moving forward towards our true potential,  the flow, the optimal experience, as a race each of us,  each of us find our passions.  They ship Earth will not physically land anywhere.  They land on a new philosophical value that will allow us  what our chemical drives have always been leading us to.  A complete cohesion of existence  and coalescing of good and bad into a non-duistic being.  We all recreate and reinvent the God,  or higher power, or deity, in our own image as a planet.  Our own immaculate birth, so to speak.  So in one sentence, we end up writing  the big book in our own lives.  Now, what I really felt last year, what that year  was growing out, is outgrowing itself,  and the organization, and for the first time,  anyone international had a home base for people  from their countries.  Once again, leaving with more neighbors back home  than when we actually came with.  Last year was the first time I actually asked someone  in 20, that was in 2013.  So how many times have you been to the burn?  There's actually, yeah, it's my third time,  but my first time here.  So it started to sink in.  The community and the desert was no longer limited  to the confines of the playa.  The regionals had been pushed because they'd gotten too big  for it, just like it did at Baker Beach.  In 2013, the base was a flying saucer  with the core effigies grouped in four segments,  being in the four corners of the world.  So it refers back to the world wars,  drawing all dropping cargo in one place,  or take its red route, we will return.  I can't help but feel as though we were in a space  we called home, but suddenly felt as though  we'd been cast out of the way.  There's no cohesive feeling for the event I used to know.  So where were we doing out here in the desert  awaiting salvation?  Possibly abduction?  The abduction that occurred was in the frame of mind.  There's definitely a stagnant experience in that year  that we are going through the motions  awaiting the magic that we once be held.  When we were overtook a speculation  and concerned for where our values were leading our source  to a greater level of being,  we were no longer home, but alienated from the sessence.  In 2014, could air a vancery?  The man who had no base, core effigies were all suke.  The interactive gifting marketplace,  which will undoubtedly in my perspective  then would cause resentments in veterans causing them  to never really want to come back.  What are you talking about trying to sell something here?  The base was the man, but the base of the man was the suke.  The organization granted their wish,  was granted their wish and established their nonprofit status  that year.  They can no longer fund themselves,  but they could fund the regions.  In literal terms, the regions held the event up.  The man burning with the suke is the cohesion  of the event with the regions, all burning it once this year.  So if the organization is burning the event in order  for all of us to keep it because it fostered us meeting  together to create the very thing back home.  Number one virtue from 2014 was a gift is not something  that's wanted, it's something that's needed.  The public outrage over will chase this retraction  of the statement of the organization's profits  reminded me of a girl in the suko I named that year.  She was angry when I used the random plan named Generator  and I named her Dusty Wad and asked why it was so crappy.  I suddenly felt how her parents felt.  But I told her, that's what happens when you buy wholesale.  You get exactly what you pay for her.  And that's the thing is that we're all looking for someone  to fix this thing and it's up to us.  It's always been us.  And this is the gift that we've actually been needing.  The solution is the person next to us.  We need more people involved in order for a global connection  into happen as the orgas can support and flourish.  We're a mental and physical shareholders of the playa  when we're out here and we need to start acting  like instead of some trust fund kid you got burned  by the broker on the stock market.  It's not all over.  But this is the very act that started the event  in a larger and more eloquent way.  Larry Harvey burned a man on the beach.  Let go of a love they knew of being the beloved vent of 2013.  Only this time the man he burned is the event  in order to let go of the old frame of the event  and shift this overgrowth that makes that thing  in the desert an exclusive event  into an inclusive global community.  The 2011 core projects he started uniting regions  of burners who were neighbors but never knew.  Their rights of passage were for the first time  on their own making sure they got a ticket.  Instead of their parents cutting them off  and allowing us in 2012 we were fertility.  We were pollinating the globe with our culture  with one simple concise idea  similar to a hive mind effort.  In 2013 we were cargo cultists.  We continued to these traditions and rituals  that once brought unimaginable illumination  and hopes that would return and they would be among the magic  with our tickets reading and they will return.  In 2015 the years carnival of mirrors  and I'm hoping that in that year  we can all reflect on the communities  that we've built, the things that we've lost  and we've learned most of all the friends  that we've made in the communities that we've built.  We're all authors and we all wrote this in ourselves  into this book.  I'm hoping we see the reflections that of the magic  and the light and every one of us  have connected ourselves and make this new level of awareness  of what we've learned last and have achieved.  This new chapter of burning and burn our own men  in our own communities that we've created ourselves.  It's the one gift the organization leaves us  in the infrastructure to do it your own way  like they always have on the playa every year.  So in 2015 there was three questions on the ticket  just like in 2013.  It was who is the trickster, who's being tricked  and how might we discover who we are.  So these words would be kept in mind during the event  but the first question here is who's the trickster.  This question implies that there is a trickster  at the event we're all in one the same.  So simplify it a little bit.  If you ever looked yourself in the mirror  and wondered who that person is,  in most people's mind, they may feel tricked by their eyes  or senses based off the idea that they had themselves.  So when we see something that is us  but does not appear to be the same substantiation  feeling tricked is a definite perception.  So asking who is this trickster  may be a question of who are you?  Being a carnival of mirrors when we look at our reflection  and we see ourselves other than what we thought we were,  we experienced a separation of self.  One side is the perception of self  and the other side is the sense of self.  These two versions of us are both of us  but now the independent from the other  is brought to a conscious level.  This is one of both sides of the perception  start to ask the second question.  Who is being tricked?  This question implies that there's a deception going on  is my perception of self-tricking me into thinking  I look different than I do  or is my sense of self-tricking me into thinking  the person before me is myself.  Basically the difference between therefore I am I exist  or I exist therefore I am  or applied to the current affairs of burning culture  I am a burner therefore I exist  which exists on the playa  or I exist therefore I am a burner  which is the existence of the regionals.  So once we've arrived this double-ended question  the last question can be asked in the right context.  How might we discover who we are?  We're all a reflection of the Vitruvian man  I spoke of before came to fruition  is the centerpiece of the event.  Da Vinci is known as a man who's never finished  the work that he ever started  which is a behavior that was prevalent across the playa that year.  The man was not finished until Wednesday.  There's controversy over the money spent over a transport  of its 747 on playa to a giant dance floor  which flying machine mind you.  There's blatant sabotage of a massive theme camp  that gained notoriety of against the grain behavior  they had established towards the 10 principles of the event.  There's a lot of ambition in this year  that year and personally I feel I set a lot of people up  for disappointment in what they had set out to achieve  but as always the playa provides and we were shown  what all what hard work was.  Regardless of setbacks, regardless of heartache and disdain  we were shown what is truly important  and all of our efforts we look forward as them  as successes or failures all impacts the masses.  This year that year was about invention, innovation  and we look at them and study to uphold the principles  and communicate them to the newcomer.  I know showing up this year with a mission,  a golden goose or at least under the masses  that was definitely something I came with.  The only thing I can close with with this  from what I've gained from this year burning.  If you were here last year and you saw the base of the man  and you walked into the base of this year  there was a major similarity  and I feel like there was definitely a memorial  not only for Larry Harvey but what I haven't last year.  And the interesting thing is from the outside of the man base  it's just a giant circuit board, it's a wall  and what it turned into night was a natural firewall  and it's the same thing where the media  turns a lot of what happens out here  into something that it's not  and it's the only thing that anyone that doesn't come here  out here with you will ask you about  but what actually stays inside here is actual true meaning  and feeling and it's something that only all of us know  by being here.  That's what I got for you guys, thank you.  Nate, that was, that was pretty amazing.  I worked on the man base and so I'm like very connected  to what you're talking about with regards  to the evolution of the man base, Larry's themes,  the city and the community.  I feel there's definitely a common response that happens there.  It's a much bigger picture that you're looking at  and now you've just woken everyone up to see your bigger picture  and that's a bigger picture that I as a 18th year burner  definitely look at every day.