 I was asked to talk about him and there's so much to say about Larry.  I was asking friends that knew him.  Last year, all yesterday, I was thinking, what would you say about Larry?  And there were so many different things.  He was a person of so many facets.  It was a genius.  It's not always easy to live with a genius.  He was not very practical.  He was a visionary from childhood on.  An amazing, wonderful, wonderful person who created something so extraordinary and so different  from everything else the world does.  Oh, my God.  There are tons of stories I could tell you about him.  But I think that the most important thing is his ideas.  He believed that work and love and play should all be one thing.  And he didn't really create Burning Man.  He discovered Burning Man.  The very first burn on Baker Beach in San Francisco was a solstice gathering and a lot of us used  to go down for the solstice and build fires.  He and his carpenter, Jerry James, decided, oh, let's build a man and send him on fire.  Poor gasoline on him.  And so at sundown, that's exactly what they did.  Well, there were a lot of people on the beach because it was the solstice and there were a  lot of little fires all over.  But when people saw this flaming human figure, they were drawn like a magnet and people came  around and they spontaneously formed a circle around this burning man or woman or person,  human and held hands.  Most of them hadn't met each other before.  And it was at that moment that Larry realized he had tapped into something really deep.  And he also realized that for the first time in his life, he could get people to do some  of these crazy things that he always dreamed of.  It started really small, but every year it kept getting bigger.  And it was word of mouth.  It was very clandestine because obviously it wasn't legal.  And we burned the man each year on Baker Beach until the fire department met us there.  And they said, you're not going to burn that thing.  So Larry always had his eye on the future.  And I believe that from the very beginning, he foresaw that this could become a movement.  And he wanted it to become big.  And friends said, oh no, let's keep it small, it'll be ruined if it gets big.  Let's keep it just for us.  And there were some major rifts.  And he lost some friends over this, but he was determined, no, this can grow because if  you create a culture where people understand what it's about, it can get as big as you want.  Because new people will be inducted into that culture and they'll understand it.  And guess what happened?  Right?  But it was not easy.  And the part that is not visible to us is all the rough spots in the road.  It was so hard.  There were lots of times when it seemed like burning man was going to self-destruct.  And it took the effort of a lot of new people who gathered around Larry who saw his vision  and realized there were things like we needed a five-mile per hour speed limit for art  cars.  We needed roads and you shouldn't be just driving your car anywhere you wanted to in a white  out.  So we had to have a government.  That was a big concept for anarchists.  But there's a government now that enforces things like if your camp leaves a lot of moop, guess  what?  You don't get any tickets next year.  Something like that.  There is a really wonderful core group of people who work on burning man all year long.  And any of you can become a part of it.  Larry's gone now.  Well, he's not really gone.  But in his body, he's gone.  So now burning man has to grow up.  Because dad's not there helping to make the best decisions, guide things.  We have to now make this real ourselves as we've already been doing.  I mean, look at the creativity in this place.  It's phenomenal.  And the playfulness and the smarts.  You know, it's a fabulous gathering of a huge tribe.  And it can keep growing.  The dearest wish of Larry's heart was that burning man would live on after him.  And he was pretty concerned about that because his health has been bad for a long time.  And he knew that, you know, at some point, he was going to leave us.  And he wanted to make sure that this movement was strong.  And I think it is.