 This is, let's take you back to 1997, 5 a.m. on burn morning day night.  Chicken John was and still is the master of ceremonies.  When he stepped into the ring, the world belonged to him.  There he would stand in his cruddy tuxedo and a top hat shoved a bit forward over his black glasses.  The top hat and suit looked run over. It was part of his stick.  Then he would take control of the show and his loud, reedy voice.  The son of like a parrot had an obo stuck in his throat and announced the opening act,  which was usually featured as dog dammit.  For our next act, we're going to bring my best friend a long time for a former dammit, the wonder dog.  Dammit was an Australian blue healer. He was a crazy person.  Chicken would have several props on stage waiting for him such as a hoop to jump through  or a beach ball to balance on his nose, things that looked like something to juggle.  The gypsy clown band would start to play with fat man D, dressed in half man, half woman on a cello  and the rest of them dressed in crazy cruddy carny garb.  They call themselves the organ grinders from hell.  This was his act. That was his stick. This was circus ridiculous.  And now chicken announced between one of his acts.  We're going to bring on a man eating chicken.  I would walk a man eating a piece of chicken.  How about that folks? Let's give him a round of applause.  Insectivora 8 insects, fecal, the brown clown sang a song about poop.  He wore what looked like a shit-covered clown suit and had gloves on with turds for fingers.  There was Danny girl, the puppet show, the Armenian rubberman, and the heavy petal cycle side with this parade of Frankenstein bikes.  The acts kept coming and the whole thing, the whole time the band played, halfway through the show, fat man D just stood up and shouted.  Welcome to Cirque de Soul Lane.  Then came the final act, the vegan geek.  Out came Jericho with Strokey, which was a hen.  If you read the book, the whole part two of the books called The Adventures of Strokey and Chokey.  And Strokey was one of the hens.  So I recognized her feet. Jericho strolled out with her under his arm.  For those who don't know what a geek act is, it's an act where you bite the head off a chicken.  But Jericho had worked it out so it was just a head of lettuce.  It was a benign act.  Wow, ladies and gentlemen, I will bite the head off of this chicken.  Can I get a drum roll please?  By now, a pretty large crowd had gathered.  And there were, there were twitters and snorts of laughter as we all knew that the act was a spoof.  Strokey the chicken was as calm as an old fat cat.  As he collect her head around the circle, a drum roll started.  This was Jericho's show, and he was milking it.  After walking around the circle, holding Strokey up high, he came back to the center circle and put Strokey's head right.  And then he bit down on her neck just enough to make her start struggling around as the crowd got uneasy.  As the drum roll continued, it was Jesse Waxq for his entrance.  Dressed in a full cow suit, plastic gutters and all.  He ran in, grabbed Strokey away and shoved ahead of lettuce.  Iceberg lettuce in Jericho's mouth instead.  Jericho took a huge bite out of the lettuce and spit it all back at us.  I'm the vegan geek. I'm the vegan geek, he cried.  But, but, but.  There's always a but.  But, while everyone was still laughing and applauding in psychedelic delirium, Jesse Waxq went back to the center of the ring and did the unthinkable.  He stuck Strokey's head into his mouth and bit down hard while yanking the poor chicken's body away.  There was a creepy popping sound like someone cracking their knuckle as Jesse spit the head out onto the ground.  An immediate geyser of blood shot him in the face and filled his mouth as blood gushed down his cow suit and shout out, shout everywhere.  He dropped the chicken and a headless Strokey hit the grounder on him.  The horrified crowd recoiled a disbelief.  This was no longer a circus ridiculous.  His all search for the joke.  But, there was no joke.  We really had all just witnessed a brutal murder.  There's another cog of fate kicked in.  The harrowing bird karma that I had been cursed with by stomping those birdies all those months ago.  Came back at me with yet another blow.  The headless nightmare of Strokey came running straight towards me as I sat cross-legged in the front row.  She rushed at me in a chicken sprint with wings flapping while sputtering like a shot down warplane.  Her talons ripped into me as she clamored up my chest.  The blood spurting everywhere.  I will never forget her severed neckbone wagging around as if it were searching for an answer.  I scrambled backwards in a panic as I tried to swat the madness away.  This was no time to be on psychedelics.  Everybody was freaking out.  Everybody!  Nobody could believe that Jesse and Jesse got it.  Everybody was losing their cool.  Yeah.  I managed to kick this nightmare into another direction in the freak zombie of Strokey tore around and around the crowd knocking and bumping into things as everyone scrambled to get out of the way.  It took a full three minutes for her to die.  That's an eternity in stage time.  This also enough time for it to truly sink in that this was no prank that it truly had just happened.  There was a conclusive silence when Strokey finally laid to rest.  Then there was a dark silence.  Everyone and everything was covered in chicken blood, especially my shirt.  The crowd was starting to turn.  They were angry that their jolly laughs had just been jared into a gruesome reality.  They were angry that a goofball in a cow suit had committed this crime.  They were angry at being duped by circus carnies.  But no one was as angry as chicken John.  No one dared fuck with his show and Jesse whack was in deep shit.  To this day, I still have no idea what magic words chicken John used that morning to save his show.  As he took centering and calm the crowd back to his bidding.  We were in the presence of showmaster genius.  He spoke words and the crowd relaxed.  It was like the Jedi trick.  I don't know what the hell he said.  I don't believe that for a minute.  I won't come on man.  Chicken never said any comment anybody down the go ahead.  The way you write it.  Everyone slowly dispersed into the morning.  The spell was broken.  Why did the fuck did you do that Jesse?  Chicken's John's face is about two clicks away from Jesse's snows.  I don't know Jesse answered.  It was our last show and I never geeked a chicken before.  I wanted to see what it was like.  It was a geek act after all, wasn't it?  Besides we're all hungry and we can just eat the thing tomorrow.  That's right. That's right.  Chico cooked it.  He went up over and picked up the dead chicken.  It was still dripping.  Nobody fucks with my show.  This is circus ridiculous.  Things are never supposed to get serious you shithead.  You're out of the act.  Chicken John turned and stomped off.  There was an awkward silence since the morning was almost in full light.  Yeah, we'll just eat stroki tomorrow.  That'll make it right.  We all turn to the familiar voice of Jericho who's standing there facing Jesse.  Gone was his snaggle tooth grin.  What he did next was the deepest of noble punishment.  He simply walked over to Jesse, took the dead headless bird from his hands, and cradled her away.  Jesse was left alone to see only the backs of his friends.  I stood there thinking of poor stroki.  Thinking of how hard it must be to be a wild hand out here in the high desert Nevada.  And as the chicken were able to have such thoughts as luck and fate,  which he have ever in a wildest dreams conceived their life would end by a crazy cook in a cow suit,  biting her head off during a traveling circus show called Circus Ridiculous,  in a strange cowl town called Black Rock City during an event called Burning Man at Dawn.  I love Jesse wax.  I love everything he ever did.  He's so chicken what it was really like to be frickin real.  I love hearing a storyteller read their own book.  Doctor Hell.