 Daz came here in 92 and filmed it and then brought it home like hey family really get this video of burning man  Your father. Yeah, no joke. I was gonna make a madlub about it because let me tell you the story. Okay  Because  Dad came out for the amateur rocket show the amateur rocket society launch  Which was also on the black rock desert, but not part of burning man. Yep, and he went with his brother and his friend  And they saw a flyer out no joke in  Girl lock for this crazy thing called burning man that they had never heard of Wow, and then it had GPS coordinates for where it was and my dad fucking had  Sorry, sorry, sorry, Evan happened to have  Radio  Evan happened to have a GPS in 92  Uh-huh in a station wagon  I'm actually impressed just by that fact alone  1992 he had GPS  It gets better. I like your dad already. He has he they all have a case of beer  Put a brick on the accelerator in the station wagon. I'm not making this up and I wasn't there, but he told the story many times  Blindfold on Gary, I think right?  Yeah, Gary his friend like your uncle Gary the  Love  Family friend wonderful name. So brick on the accelerator old station wagon case a beer in the belly  Blindfold on Gary and then GPS coordinates. So where dad is yelling literally go left go right. Wow  Wow, pummeling 60 miles an hour from one side of black rock city  It was an old station to the other side so black rock city still womb  Having heard the story. I'm sure ad nauseam over the years. Aren't you glad that you've shown up now?  Where you don't have to worry about any of that GPS nothing. You're directed and told where to go  Honestly, I was carried in on a sedan chair by four veteran burners. I think they'd been here 13 times  Incredible  I am disappointed. They did anything. I wanted a whole wow  We've got so many burners that just we can't even fit this many people in our studio  We have trick-or-treaters, so please come down and give these guys candy now get out of my studio  Thanks guys, they're all in costume if you have candy come down to BMI R bring your candy  Hook up these trick-or-treaters