 Do you want to talk about, I know this may be difficult, and if you don't want to talk about it, that's perfectly okay.  Do you want to talk about Arnold's decision to rest?  Oh yeah, of course it's difficult, but I think it's also very important.  Actually, he was really afraid of dying.  So his dear friend and my dear friend Nadim, he stayed with me for the last three months.  Actually, after we got back from Burning Man, he came to live with us.  And we took care of him together.  And a lot of the things we had to do was talk to him about dying,  because he was really afraid of dying and of the pain and of...  He thought of death.  It wasn't a gateway or a nice rainbow, but he thought it was a big black thing.  He was going to be in.  And every night when the lights go out, and that was for weeks prior to the decision,  we were talking to him for hours about dying and about his fear for dying and about anything that has to do with that.  And then finally, he decided to talk to our family doctor about that.  And we set a date, and that's the most strange thing you...  I have ever done in my life, because then you know when the love of your life is going to die.  And that was Tuesday, and the day was Saturday, so we had to do a few more days together,  which was like precious every moment of that, every second of that was precious.  But we decided, like only I would not could, that we were going to pass those days like any other day,  because when you spend those days thinking that will be your last day, you cannot...  Right, you cannot focus on that.  No, you cannot do that.  You know when you go to bed, you have to think tomorrow I will die, you die at that moment, actually.  Exactly.  So, it may sound really strange, but we just did groceries, and we just cooked,  and we watched stupid Netflix shows.  I think it was a rain, it was like a costume series.  We finished together, and then he looked at me and he said,  OK, this is part, this is like season number three, and they're going to broadcast season number four in January.  I won't see it.  It's like God damn it.  No, what's going to happen?  Yes, exactly that, he said.  So, we chose to think of those days like it was running, we had thousands of days to spend together.  And actually a few months ago, I just figured that we didn't even say goodbye,  because it didn't feel like saying goodbye.  We didn't say the words, goodbye.  We said, I love you, and I'll stay with you.  And he said he wasn't afraid anymore, and that was really a special moment for us.