 So, the first one is 1996, which is a bit of a turning point here for Burning Man, because  that was the year...well, that was the first year that anyone actually died out here,  technically right before the event started, so not technically at Burning Man, but let's  face it.  They were out here because it was Burning Man, and people got hurt that year, and let's  do the math.  At that point, it was around 10,000 people, you get that many people together, you're bound  to have a few jerks.  People were getting used to the fact that it was like the world's most dangerous arts  festival, and people could drive, and people could have guns, and so thankfully nobody got  shot, but people did all the one death, and then the three really critical injuries were  all...well, vehicle-related, so that was the last year with cars.  That was also the last year with one of the three founders of Burning Man.  Larry Harvey was really the one who started it, had the idea, but he would not have been  able to do it without Michael Michael, a.k. danger-anger, and also a man named John Law.  And John Law, one of his many tasks regarding the Burning Man project, as it was called  back then, was installing the neon of the man.  Well in 1996, he added some extra neon to the head of the Burning Man.  He installed a smiley face inside the man, and Larry Harvey did not like that idea, and  so of course a lot of drama ensued.  I get a lot of this information second and third-hand, because I'm the unofficial newspaper,  I don't have the inside story on everything, but he kind of pieced things together as a  journalist, and as near as I can tell, John Law did it, Larry didn't like it, so they were  like, okay, you can't turn it on, they weren't going to tear apart the Burning Man's head just  to de-install the smiley face neon.  And apparently it only turned on once for ten seconds, and I thank my lucky stars, I happen  to be right there when it happened, and my partner at the time had a camera, Heather Shurkey,  and she shot what, as far as we know, is the only existing photo of the bright neon yellow  smiley face inside the Burning Man's head that they were not allowed to turn on, but of  course it happened because it's Burning Man, there's no way they're going to install a neon  smiley face without actually turning it on at least once.  So we were lucky, we walked by just as someone was like, hey, hey, hey, we're like, okay,  what's up?  You're like, watch the man's head, I'm like, okay, okay, what's going on, and then it turned  on, I'm like, oh my god, click, click, click, click, and I was like, thanks, you know, and didn't  get anything of it, and it wasn't until years later where we realized, oh, this is kind  of significant because this was a turning point year where that was the last year John Law was  involved with Burning Man, so that was a pretty damn good prank, I like that prank.