 And I went in, I got this drink, and I walked out to figure out what to do, and when I walked  outside, this guy I knew wasn't a scuffle.  He was in a scuffle with this really angry ranger.  And I was trying to figure out what to do and what was going on, and kind of like just watching,  kind of being a looky-loo, and my acquaintance was trying to escape.  He was like, look man, let go of me, let go of me, leave me alone.  And I learned much, much later that there was this ranger had been sort of power tripping  around, like the intersection, and making a big scene.  And this guy I knew had gone up and punctuated the kind of confrontation with a handful  of dust, a handful of thrown dust, which of course didn't solve anything, just escalated  in situations.  So they were in this scuffle.  This guy I know was like, come on man, leave me alone, please, please let this go.  And the ranger, in the meantime, is hanging on to this guy I know.  He's got to buy the lapels, and he's got to buy the lapels with one hand.  And with the other hand, he's calling into his radio.  He's calling, he's saying, hey, I need every police officer I can, I need backup,  I need backup.  There's a guy here, he's here at three in B, and he's attacking people, he's attacking random  people.  And I'm like, oh man, what's going on here?  So in this whole scuffle, this guy I know, he escapes.  He escapes, and he takes off into some alley, and he's gone.  And almost on cue, every cop on playa rolls into three in B, and it's cop cars.  It's locals.  It's feds.  Like, you know, it's ever, it's rangers, it's like police lights, it's like excuse me,  you didn't need to move back sir right now.  It's like, you know, the zillion uniforms, and all of these burners in this intersection  looking super confused and upset, and like, you know, like, come on, I came out to the desert  to like get away from this.  Like, what's going on?  What's going on?  And, you know, and I'm kind of walking out of the intersection, and I'm kind of figuring  out what to do in the state of bewilderment.  And I hear somebody calling my name, you know, hey, hey, hey, and somebody's calling  my name, and I turn around and I look up to where this sound is coming from, and my  two dear friends are up on top of this art car.  And they're yelling at me to get my attention to say hi, but they're dressed as unicorns.  And they're up on top of this double-decker unicorn art car with like 40 other people dressed  like unicorns, and I realize it's the beginning of the unicorn stampede.  And the whole point of the unicorn stampede was to get everybody up dressed as unicorns,  cover themselves in glitter, and just get, and just stampede through the city, invading  every camp, every party, every street, just getting all up in everybody's business.  Like with super obnoxious, perky, perky, perky vibes, and just covering everybody head to  toe in glitter like dry-humping them.  So 40 unicorns all become pouring off this art car.  They come pouring into the intersection, and they're all up on everybody.  You know, my friends are up on me, like they're dry-humping me and saying nice things about  me.  They're up on all the people that pass us by in the intersection.  They're up on all the cops, all the rangers, like everybody in this intersection is suddenly  getting dry-humped by a unicorn-covered in glitter.  And everyone is simultaneously prevented from taking anything seriously at the same time.  And all the cops, you know, realize there's nothing to it and they leave, and all the  passengers by are, you know, they're bad vibes, you're neutralized, and they go off  into the city, and that's the story about the day, the unicorn, and safe burning men.  Okay, was this a real story or a joke?  This is a true, true story, honest to the ghost of Larry Harvey.  And what year was this again?  This was either 2009 or 2010, I would guess.  That is excellent.  Thank you so much, Richard, for sharing your story.  Thanks for having me on.  I love it.