 I was building, came out here for early entry, and we were building or erecting kind of a sculpture for our camp, and at some point, I must have gotten a metal shard of some point embedded in my eye.  Now, it kind of just looked like a freckle or something, just sort of in my eye. It kind of felt like when maybe sunscreen goes into your eye and it kind of just stings.  It was kind of a minor annoyance, but I tried to wash it out a few times and didn't really see me working, so I was like, okay, I should probably get checked out.  So I went down to rampart, and we talked to one of the paramedics, and I think you went through probably an entire bottle of saline and tried to flesh out my eye. It just didn't see me working.  So, finally, it goes, okay, let me go talk to someone, and he goes inside, and this surgeon comes out, and takes one look at me, and he goes, yeah, that's metal, that's not coming out.  So it goes, okay, I come inside, we need to get this out like ASAP. So we go inside, and this doctor was pretty cool, he had a mohawk, we're sitting around talking about metal, we were making jokes about like, oh, you're having the most metal day ever out here.  And I remember I turned to him, and I was like, yeah, the only thing missing is Slayer's Raining Blood, and yet a Bluetooth speaker, and if he goes over and turns on a Raining Blood, it was fantastic.  And then he turns to me, and he goes, okay, joking aside, we're surgically removing this. And I'm like, okay, and he goes, okay, pick a point at the ceiling and just stare at it, and he comes in with the needle, and starts just picking this thing out of my eye.  And he kind of explained to me that your eyes don't have a whole lot of nerve endings, so it wasn't too painful, just incredibly uncomfortable.  But he just sort of said, pick a corner at the ceiling and just stare, and from there he got it out, but then there was rust in my eyes.  They had to take the same needle and carve out two layers of my cornea, and then to top it off after they got that out, they gave me a tetanus shot in my eyeball.  And this all sounds pretty intense, but I would say this all took place over the course of maybe 20 minutes, and I came back to camp, and basically I was like, man, you guys are not going to believe what just happened to me.