 For what? There is a dragon that is terrorizing the lamp ladders.  We need to find its lair and kill it.  What's in it for us? I can give you some soul stones.  I want to say that I am a hippie rogue as you said.  I have been rediscovering my story and my snaps of fire  being back with these colleagues.  And is there a way to make peace love  and harmony with the dragon rather than killing it?  I mean, he said the dragon wasn't a community shelter.  The lamp ladders.  It has not been loved for a very long time.  The adopted dragon probably feels very unloved by his mother  who gave him up when he was young.  The dragon was actually burning down the community shelter.  You could probably use the dragon to light your lamps.  Do you think you can make friends with the dragon?  It seems pretty content on lighting people, not lamps.  All right. Fellow adventurers, I say we go.  Let's say you go to the lamp ladders.  Robot, you must stay, continue to dig until you find the bag of cheeses  with a tiny man inside of it.  I dig it. Dig casual.  Dig casual. We'll be back, robot.  Should we roll for initiative to see who goes first  when we see the dragon?  Absolutely.  I roll 17.  So close, 16.  I got a rock.  And as you follow the halfling to his community shelter  where the dragon is rampaging community shelter,  you see a large dragon.  And whoever rolled highest sees it first.  That was me.  Dragon, I say.  Why must you wreak havoc upon this community shelter  of lighters of the lamp?  Is that what the dragon says?  Dragons don't actually speak common, so.  They speak draconian as our halfling friend just reminded us.  Do I speak draconian?  It doesn't say on my sheet.  I will use nonverbal language.  I will strip myself naked and then I sewed the beast  and turn over and I face down on the ply and offer myself  in a sacrifice of love.  I cast lightning bolt upon heel-yoi sartas  because I don't like what he's doing right now.  It's making me very uncomfortable.  And over the air we hear the sexy jams being played at BMI.  The dragon sees you present yourself to him  and he is distracted temporarily.  As he flies over, you can see his dragon erection growing and growing.  I cast a feeble mind upon the dragon.  At the very moment of penetration.  I cast a feeble mind on the dragon.  What was it before that?  What was lightning bolt upon heel-yoi?  At the moment that happens, the dragon makes penetration.  It was too late.  It is instantaneous dragon orgasm.  Is that what my lightning bolt did?  What is that?  Too late.  It is instantaneous dragon orgasm.  Is that what my lightning bolt did?  What is that?