 I'm going to tell you the most true thing that I learned in maximum security  prison.  So my last burn was 2005, I thought was the year that I was arrested for a series of  arson with the Earth Liberation Front and the Animal Liberation Front because we  damaged government property with a political purpose, the court decided that it  was terrorism and I went to a maximum security prison for eight years.  It was not fun times, I pretty much lost everything even even who I thought  that I was, what I thought that I was doing in the world, but in that  space of reaching the end of myself, I had an opportunity to find a source of life  and love and strength within, and it changed me.  Coming back to the burn this year, Luke gave me a sticker that said, it is what it  is.  There's something powerful about surrender, it's not a position of weakness, it is a position  of joining the winning team, life wins, love wins.  Coming back to the burn, I've been able to enter into it from this space of appreciating  the beauty of this sacred place.  It's also been hard, there are challenges out here and there have been times when I asked  myself, why am I putting myself through this?  Overflowing portals on Burnney, building for three days in a white out, there have been  some not fun times, but I think that's part of why we come here.  We could go to a lot of parties, great parties anywhere, we could go see art and music, some  environment that's not trying to kill us, we could even experience a temporary autonomous  community without having dust and absolutely everything.  But we come here, part of why this is sacred space is precisely because it is hard because  we're challenged in being here.  We have the opportunity to reach the end of ourselves, to leave behind who we thought  that we were, what we thought we were capable of, and be transformed to surrender to the  playa, surrender and find that source of life and love, enjoy within us and to know that  we're not alone there.  We're going to leave here, shortly some of us, and go out to a default world that is not  always the way that we want it to be.  You might face circumstances in your life that are hard, that are a challenge, and you can  take this lesson of the playa with you when you go, to know that you have that source  of life and strength, and love within you, and continue to be transformed by it.  That is how we will change the world.