 Alright, people, if you know Bob, because a lot of you do, probably like 98% of the people out here or out there or wherever, you know what Bob has been doing here for so long since 2000. I always get the year wrong Bob, correct me, 2004.  No idea.  It might be three, but three, four, whatever. A lot of freaking times what I'm saying people. And you have heard his voice on air and you've felt a spirit on air. And those of you know him, know that again he's burning man on legs. And what he's done for the radio station.  Well, you know, I do nothing for this.  You know what I'm sorry.  You ever see the movie called Wagged The Dog?  I've seen Wagged The Dog.  He's like, I'm a producer. You put me in a room full of talented people. I can make things happen.  Yes.  I personally have no talent.  Oh, please.  No, my talent is putting people together and making them all move forward.  It's one of your talents.  We have fabulous, fabulous DJs here.  We do.  We're far more coherent.  Nice, baby.  I can't do what they do.  I can't do what next does.  He's our sound engineer.  I can't do what Mark Chang does.  He's our F guy.  But Bob, not putting together a team.  That's my talent.  I put together.  But haven't you done basically all of that in the past?  No.  I've watched you table the station.  Absolutely not.  I've watched you table the station.  I just passed these things together to hope that it fucking works.  These two humble people.  I can't do what they do.  And it's a collaborative effort.  Of course it is.  I'm not saying you do it all.  But I'm saying you could do it all if you had to.  And you would.  You would.  You would because you're driving your passenger journey.  I would, I would patch together my best efforts.  And it would be sweet.  But you're right.  The crew here are the, one of Bob's magic superstitions.  But I really know what I'm doing.  And I want to, I want to do it better.  So I, I get a team.  Mm-hmm.  And you have evolved this team in a brilliant way,  where everything is right better than it would be.  And now the time has come.  But wasn't it much more fun was just three of us?  Wasn't that so cool working 18 hours a day?  I remember that.  Yeah.  There was no BMIR camp.  No.  There's a little tiny radio station.  That's right.  That's right.  No one would go in the air before 90 am or after 2 am.  Except for you.  Well, one day I said, well, it's just freaking go in the air.  Yes.  Right.  It's time's available.  Right.  I remember that well.  But you're, but I want to affirm that people,  like one of Bob's greatest superhero talents is connecting people.  And that's an important skill for any leader  and Bob has done it brilliantly.  And he will be missed.  But he won't be missed because he'll be here.  I don't mean maybe physically here,  but he will be there.  We'll be back in a couple years.  But Bob, thank you for what you've done.  And again, the last thing I'll say,  maybe the last thing is that people who know you know your spirit,  your drive, your passion, your brilliance, and your heart.  And what I love about you on AirBob  is I think even people that don't know you feel like they know you  because they've heard you for so many years.  And they've heard you bringing to the playa what you bring to the playa,  which is you and the people you've gathered.  And it's amazing.  And this is me.